Keyword	Gettable	Settable	Is Array	Data type	Description
*IDN	1	0	0	string	Identification of device
:TRIGger:COUNt	1	1	0	uint64	Global external trigger count (whether or not an acquisition occurred)
:TRIGger:DECimation	1	1	0	uint32	"Optionally, acquire data only on every other trigger (=2), every fifth trigger (=5), or every tenth trigger(=10), etc. Default is to attempt acquisition on every single trigger. (default=1)."
:TRIGger:TIME:DELTa:MAX	1	0	0	uint64	"Maximum delta-time between any two consecutive triggers, in microseconds, since the very first trigger (applies for triggers following trigcnt = 1). Helpful for identifying occurrence of spurious triggers from sources like electromagnetic noise. Clock used is a high precision, low accuracy system timer. Result will be invalid if any intervals existed greater than 65k microseconds."
:TRIGger:TIME:DELTa:MIN	1	0	0	uint64	"Minimum delta-time between any two consecutive triggers, in microseconds, since the very first trigger (applies for triggers following trigcnt = 1). Helpful for identifying occurrence of spurious triggers from sources like electromagnetic noise. Clock used is a high precision, low accuracy system timer. Result will be invalid if any intervals existed greater than 65k microseconds."
:TRIGger:REJection:DURation:MIN	1	1	0	double	"Optional added support in rejecting spurious triggers from electrical noise. Minimum time, in microseconds, for the trigger pulse to stay high so as to avoid rejection as noise. Due to current implementation, keep this value as low as you can get away with (e.g. 2 microseconds), to avoid wasting CPU processing time and adding in extra delay time between trigger and acquisition. This number should be lower than the actual duration of your external trigger pulses. For example, if you have an external trigger that stays high for 10 microseconds following the rising edge, you can safely set this value anywhere from 0.0 to 10.0. Disable by setting to 0.0."
:TRIGger:REJection:COUNt	1	1	0	double	Global count of cumulative rejected triggers (rejected according to the duration criteria)
:SYSTem:TIME	1	0	0	string	"System time (UTC time zone) in YYYY-mm-dd HH:MM:SS format, where HH is 24-hour format."
:SYSTem:TIME:UNIX	1	1	0	int64	"System time in Unix Time. (Int64, UTC, seconds since Jan 1, 1970)"
:MCU:TEMPerature	1	0	0	double	Chip temperature in degrees C
:ROSie:OUTPut:ENabled	1	1	0	bool	"False (0) if trigger output to secondary devices is inhibited, True (1) if trigger output to secondary devices is permitted"
:ROSie:OUTPut:FIRSt	1	0	0	uint64	Global external trigger count representing the first decimated trigger output (resets when output re-enabled or DAQ is reset)
:ROSie:OUTPut:COUNt	1	0	0	uint64	Number of decimated triggers which have been sent out in the time period including the first decimated trigger (resets when output re-enabled or DAQ is reset)
